imagine a world in which we help
preserve natural resources a
world in which we do more with less
thanks to a new concept of work
eco-efficiency
imagine materials with a lot of life that
They can be recycled again and again
to light a bulb with what up
now we simply discard
imagine a better world
in the saica group we work every day
making this dream come true
reduce reuse recycle and enhance
a clear environmental commitment that
for more than half a century
guide our work a philosophy that
has allowed to provide support
key strategy to any company
that seeks the valuation of its
secondary raw materials and management
efficient of your waste
be European leaders in manufacturing
of paper for packaging and boxes
corrugated paperboard
and develop together with our customers
sustainable packaging solutions and
innovators that favor development
all this always putting the
safety of each person
but we want more there is always a way out
alternative and landfill our goal
inverted zero
clear vocation for recycling and
reuse teaches us that each
waste is an opportunity
that is why we encourage production cycles
sustainable practices that maximize the value of
waste as raw material
high school
proof of this commitment is the plant
of energy recovery in the borough
of ebro a strategic project
sustainable and innovative with which we give
an alternative exit to those
waste that until now could not be
recycled finishing a landfill instead
of it after a meticulous classification
and crushing the waste are
converted into this r fuel
this fuel is stored and
transported to a bed boiler
fluid that generates enough steam
to get through a large
turbine 49 megawatts of energy
mostly supplied to the network
electric
well to sake firmly committed to
the environment leaders in
sustainability and innovation
shaikh managing your waste
we build the future